Master your casio commando 4g at phone
savvy calm to customize your home
screens which the casio commando comes
with five home screens so right here
we're at our main home screen if you
scroll to the right one and then two
you're at the end of the home screens to
the right we can do the same if we go to
the left a very far left home screen
they leave blank for you to fill up with
applications and what you do is let's
say you have an app you want to put on
this far left home screen while you're
at this home screen go ahead and bring
up your full applications list and find
the app you want to bring their let's
say you want to bring your photo gallery
there just go ahead and touch and hold
your finger on it it will take you back
to the home screen you were just at and
you can drag and drop and let's say you
want to bring another application up
let's say your FM radio go ahead and
touch and hold that and you can put
place that next to it or you can also
create folders let's say you want this
to be like an entertainment folder you
can touch and hold one of them and then
drag it to the other and that will
create a folder where there's two
applications in there so you can kind of
consolidate and save space you can
create a name for this folder by
touching the bottom and let's say we
list it as E&T for entertainment and
then hit ok and let's say you want to
get rid of some things that you have on
these home screens let's say your main
home screen which is this one let's say
you want to clear up some space you
don't want this clock there they already
give you the clock in the top right
corner and the compass you're not using
so let's go ahead and just get this out
of here touch and hold up and a remove
option will appear at the top go and
drag it up there and then drop it that
will clear that off your home screen so
that frees up space for you to put more
apps on your main home screen and now
you can go from here into your app list
and find some apps that you want on your
main home screen the one that you use
the most so that way you don't have to
go
into your full apps list every time
you're going to use something you use on
a regular basis it's going to always be
right here when you touch the home
button located right here at the bottom
of your phone so it's important to
customize your home screens and that's
how you do it visit phone savvy calm to
learn more tips and tricks about your
casio commando 4g